What is a zine? Where do they come from? What’s their history as a genre of writing? 
A zine is a small book that usually has many images and some text. Used to promote ideas, felling's or a revolutionary idea. Zines originates in the 1930’s by science fiction fans started making their own stories. Science fiction genre.    
Why do people compose/write zines?  
They do it to get a personal message to anyone willing to read zines. It can be expressive and focus on something the creator feels strong about.  
       Why might they be important or matter as genre of writing? 
      They might be important or matter as genre of writing because it is unique and are more    focused on sharing ideas that many authors would probably not ever write about.        
What can zines teach us about key concepts in composition like purpose, writer, audience, context, and medium? 
They can teach us that people making zines want to spread their personal ideas or feelings. Their audience can be small but there are many people who read zines and love to go and find new zines.   
It is often said that zines have no rules, and this is true to a point. But zines do follow certain conventions (Links to an external site.) or norms in their style, content and design. In other words -- zines are recognizable as kind or genre of writing. What are these conventions? 
   I think the conventions are short and appropriate pictures and text. Also, not anything extreme that can make a curious person wanting to read a zine scared. The layout of the zine should also be short and in a booklet style and able to be photocopied for distribution.  
In making your own zine… 
What is it’s purpose? How did you decide this? 
Its purpose is to inform people reading it about different zines and make sure the reader can understand what a zine is. We decided this to inform other students about what a zine is and help them understand that making a zine isn't to difficult.  
Who is the audience for your zine? How did this sense of audience inform the choices you made in terms of content and style? 
Everyone is the audience for the zine we made. It made us think of what a regular zine would have in it and we just made it informational so others can almost learn how to make their own zine without having to research what a zine is. 
What conventions of zines did you adopt in your work? Which did you ignore or modify? Why? 
The zine is made of a single sheet of paper and can be photocopied, though we chose to use a bigger sheet of paper so we can add more to it. 
  
