Describe your own initial understandings and assumptions about "technical writing" as you start the course. How do your initial understandings/assumptions align (or not) with the work we have done so far?
>I think it has to do with instructions and understanding why they are written in that format. I think it works fine with what I think technical writing is. With the Lego build I understand that it was required to write specific instructions and make sure the audience was able to put together the Lego build with the instructions and any other help such as photos.
Reflect on your experience in composing these instruction sets -- attempt to describe all of the choices you made in the process of realizing your composition. In light of our usability testing -- what, if anything, would you revise or change about your instruction set in order to improve it?
>I think I tried to make my instructions as clear and simple as possible. And I made sure to use the photos in each step so the person putting it together didn’t have to rely just on the instructions. I do not think I would change anything since I feel it was successful and straight forward. 
Technical Writing -- like any field or category of writing -- is rhetorically situated. That means that questions of audience are essential considerations to what's produced. Even though this is a classroom exercise -- what sense of audience for these instructions do you have? How, if at all, has this sense of audience -- that you are designing this text for a reader -- infromed the choices you made in producing the composition?
>I think they were able to get through my build with instructions or with photos. I think I just thought of myself as the audience and I thought how can I make this as simple as possible so that if I decided to do it I would understand exactly what I am doing. 
I have left it up to you as to how you deliver your instructional text to your audience. You could choose Word, PowerPoint, HTML or any number of mediums or platforms. How did you decide to deliver your composition and what factors motivated that choice? Ultimately, what do you think your choice of delivery medium/platform get you as a writer?
>I chose to use PowerPoint because I knew I could include photos and text. I am familiar with PowerPoint as well. I think me using PowerPoint made my instruction set successful.
Describe and reflect on your work in setting up an account and repository on GitHub. The "Hello World" tutorial/guide on GitHub is an example of tech writing. What did you notice about it? Perhaps more importantly, what might you learn from it? What's at least one thing you might take away from the GitHub "Hello World" tutorial that you could apply to your own instructional set in order to improve it? 
>I think GitHub is just something I am not familiar with and find confusing.
Finally, what do you think you learned this week? Keep in mind that your learning might resonate with particular course outcomes or personal outcomes or even something unexpected or not entirely anticipated by either articulated course or personal outcomes.                                                                                                            
>I think I learned a lot and I'm glad to be working hands on with classmates. I think I kind of get what technical writing is about.     
